Read this thoroughly

Working Principle : 

To use our android phone work as a camera we are using an application “IP Webcam ( You can download the app on you android phone from
here https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pas.webcam&hl=en). The video taken from the camera can be seen live from http
://<ip address : port_name >. 

Now in order to extract a specific color from the video I decide to use MATLAB software which comes handy in these video processing kind 
of things. First of all we are receiving the video frame by frame from the above mentioned ip address. Then we are converting the 
received RGB image frame to binary image because it is easier to work on only two color instead on an RGB image. In this binary image all
the red color is shown as white regions and remaining color are shown as black regions. Now to calculate the centroid, perimeter (P) and 
area (A) of the white region using MATLAB functions. 

Now in order to make our robot to follow only circular object we have used the fact that for circular object value of 
4*π*Area/perimeter^2 is equals to 1 and for all other geometry it is other than 1. Thus if the this value is near to 1 then only we 
follow the object otherwise not and wait until we get a circular object. Thus till now we are able to receive video, detect red colored 
round objects.

Now, the next thing is when we have to move left, right, forward and stop. For this we first find the coordinates of the of the center 
point of the window on which binary image is playing. Now, we divide this window into three regions (Left, Right and Center) based on the
pixel on X axis. In our project pixel from 0px to 270px is considered as left region, 271px to 370px is the center region and from 371px
to 640px is the right region. Now if the detected ball is found to be present in left region then we send the signal “L” to Arduino via 
COM3 port, then the Arduino with the help of Motor Driver (L293D) turns the robot left. Same thing happens if the robot is present in 
center and right region. Now, to make the robot stop if the ball is too close, we use the area of the white circular region, if this area
is greater than the threshold area (in our project we have taken threshold area as 29000px sq.) then we send signal “B” to Arduino and
make the robot stop.
